Clarify worker_task_slots_available (#1620)
temporalio/documentation: docs/references/sdk-metrics.md

  - `workflow_task`
  - `activity_task`
  - `sticky_workflow_task`

> - `worker_type`: One of the below values. Note that if a single Worker is configured to handle all three types of tasks, it will emit all three metrics.

Author: I generally try to avoid "Note that", but didn't think of a better way (parens?) to frame this kind of side-note information inside this bullet. (But do think it belongs in the bullet.)

Reviewer: I agree and can't think of a cleaner way to include it.

  - `workflow_task`
  - `activity_task`
  - `sticky_workflow_task`

> - `worker_type`: One of the below values. Note that if a single Worker is configured to handle all three types of tasks, it will emit all three metrics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `worker_type`: One of the following values. Note that if a single Worker is configured to handle all three types of Tasks, it emits all three metrics.
```

### worker_task_slots_available

> The total number of task execution slots that are currently available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The total number of Task Execution slots that are currently available.
```
